well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we are going to talk about uh
the 2020 election and what republicans
are going to do
because they got a dumpster fire on
their hands
a lot of uh internal
republican pollsters are starting to
realize this isn't 2016.
they're having to spend money to keep
seats
in reliably red states
in republican states they're having to
campaign
to keep seats and it's worrying them
as it should because it isn't 2016.
2016 was a very unusual
situation on
the republican side he had this maverick
this individual who was different
and he somehow made it through the
republican primary
and a lot of people looked at him like i
don't really back him but
he's unique let's give it a shot
and they have come to find out that
unique does not always mean useful
they're not going to vote for him again
the situation with the people i talked
to today all republican voters two will
be voting democrat
for the first time ever
on the other side of the aisle in 2016
you had hillary clinton
she was different too she was one of the
few candidates
that created negative turnout
people who showed up not really to vote
for
trump but to vote against her
and democrats in 2016 they were like
there's no way
trump's going to win so a lot of them
didn't go
vote they're not going to make that
mistake again
when voters wake up on election day
in 2020 they've got a choice
they can have water or spoiled orange
juice
nobody really wants water with their
breakfast
but nobody's going to drink the spoiled
orange juice
especially if they sipped it yesterday
and they know it's bad
yeah most people would like something
with a little bit of flavor
biden is not that in the words of
one of the people i talk to today at
least he's a conservative democrat
so what are republicans going to do
those in the senate because that's the
real worry
inside the republican party is that
they're going to lose
the house the senate and the white house
they're not going to have control over
anything
their only option is to grow a spine
real fast because the people i talked to
today
it wasn't just trump no i'm not going to
vote for trump or matt
they got to grow a spine they have to
start speaking out against the president
especially on the issues that are
dragging him down like
his lack of a response to our public
health issues
they're going to have to start opposing
them openly or they're going to be
penalized
when they get to the polls they're
crossing over to vote democrat for the
first time in their life
what's to stop them from voting d
all the way down it
they have to start speaking out
they have to get back to the principles
of the republican party
because trump sold them all out i mean
he has the republican party
attacking wounded war vets and defending
it
it's not gonna that's not gonna fly with
the silent majority he keeps talking
about those that aren't
on twitter yeah they don't like that
your most vocal supporters are not
really representative
of all of the people in the republican
party
trump's boat has a big old hole in it
it's going to sink republican senators
have to decide whether or not they want
to stay on that boat or not
that's the only chance they have
to keep their seats i personally don't
care
but i'm interested to see which ones
actually have
any courage which ones can stand up for
their principles
and which ones are so scared
and so bullied by trump
that they're literally going to lose
their senate seat
rather than speak out against him
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night